DOCS-2974 Synthetic Monitoring Troubleshooting Edits (#13001)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/troubleshooting/_index.md

This means that the steps you recorded from a `Laptop Large` viewport might not be applicable to the same website accessed from a `Mobile Small`, causing your `Mobile Small` test results to fail:

{{< img src="synthetics/device_failures.png" alt="Mobile Tablet Device Failing" style="width:100%;" >}}

For these types of cases, Datadog recommends creating **separate `Mobile Small` or `Tablet` specific tests** where the recorded steps match the viewport your test is set to at runtime.  

To record steps with a `Mobile Small` or `Tablet` viewport, selecting `Mobile Small` or `Tablet` in the recorder dropdown before hitting the **Start Recording** button.

{{< img src="synthetics/record_device.png" alt="Recording steps on mobile tablet" style="width:100%;" >}}

Additionally, Datadog's test browsers run in **headless**, meaning Browser tests do not support some features. For example, Browser tests do not support `touch` and cannot use `touch` to detect whether the website should appear with its mobile design.

> #### My browser test has a `None or multiple elements detected` step warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `None or multiple elements detected` step warning in browser test
```
